I designed a Yale-specific planner to easily keep track of assignments and tasks.  In order to use the planner, first CD into the 'planner' folder and then execute 'flask run' in the terminal.  Clicking on the popup link will redirect you to the planner's login page. At this point, first time users will need to click 'register' and create an account.  Once a username and password have been set, users will be rerouted to the login page.  Upon entering the newly set username and password, the user logs in to their new account and is routed to the homepage of the planner.

The central feature of this homepage is a table which will display tasks in order of deadlines that the user enters.  In order to enter assignments, the user can use the buttons on the lower left side of the page and click 'create assignment.' On this page, the user can enter an assignment and designate whether it is an exam, quiz, or some other format.  A due date can also be selected from the calendar popup, and the user can specify which class the assignment is for.  All fields must be filled out.  Once the new assignment is created and saved with the 'Save Assignment', the user will be returned to the homepage, which will now display the assignment.

Once different assignments of different classes and nature have been added in the same way, the user can navigate to the 'filter' tab of the webpage, again from the panel of buttons on the bottom left that is accessible from any page.  The filter allows the user to view assignments of the current user filtered by various factors.  For example if you want the filter to sort by class, select 'classname' from the dropdown and type in the class you want.  Make sure the 'Data Name' exactly matches how you typed it into the 'Create Assignment' page.  Finally, the 'Calendar' tab allows the user to write brief notes for each day.  It also stores Yale specific dates such as the last day of classes and the last day of final exams.  Once the user is done adding and viewing assignments, the logout button will log the user out so that a new user can log in.


Video Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMYf9tpWsC0
